README.md, before:

# [Advent of Code 2015]  

The folders for each day contain Python implementations for solving the two 
parts of each problem with the provided input files. Every implementation 
has been tested using both Python 2.7 and Python 3.6.  

## Setup  

```sh
git clone --branch master https://github.com/jdswalker/Advent-of-Code-2015.git
cd Advent-of-Code-2015
```

## Usage


## Programming Puzzles  

- [X] **Day 1:** [Not Quite Lisp](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/1)  
- [X] **Day 2:** [I Was Told There Would Be No Math](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/2)  
- [X] **Day 3:** [Perfectly Spherical Houses in a Vacuum](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/3)  
- [X] **Day 4:** [The Ideal Stocking Stuffer](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/4)  
- [X] **Day 5:** [Doesn't He Have Intern-Elves For This?](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/5)  
- [X] **Day 6:** [Probably a Fire Hazard](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/6)  
- [X] **Day 7:** [Some Assembly Required](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/7)  
- [X] **Day 8:** [Matchsticks](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/8)  
- [X] **Day 9:** [All in a Single Night](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/9)  
- [X] **Day 10:** [Elves Look, Elves Say](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/10)  
- [X] **Day 11:** [Corporate Policy](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/11)  
- [X] **Day 12:** [JSAbacusFramework.io](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/12)  
- [X] **Day 13:** [Knights of the Dinner Table](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/13)  
- [X] **Day 14:** [Reindeer Olympics](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/14)  
- [X] **Day 15:** [Science for Hungry People](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/15)  
- [X] **Day 16:** [Aunt Sue](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/16)  
- [X] **Day 17:** [No Such Thing as Too Much](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/17)  
- [X] **Day 18:** [Like a GIF For Your Yar](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/18)  
- [X] **Day 19:** [Medicine for Rudolph](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/19)  
- [X] **Day 20:** [Infinite Elves and Infinite Houses](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/20)  
- [X] **Day 21:** [RPG Simulator 20XX](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/21)  
- [X] **Day 22:** [Wizard Simulator 20XX](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/22)  
- [X] **Day 23:** [Opening the Turing Lock](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/23)  
- [X] **Day 24:** [It Hangs in the Balance](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/24)  
- [X] **Day 25:** [Let It Snow](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/25)  

## [About Advent of Code]  

Advent of Code is a series of small programming puzzles for a variety of skill 
levels. They are self-contained and are just as appropriate for an expert who 
wants to stay sharp as they are for a beginner who is just learning to code. 
Each puzzle calls upon different skills and has two parts that build on a theme.  

## Advent of Code Credits  

**Design \& Code:** [Eric Wastl]  

**Beta Testing:** [Tim Giannetti] and Ben Lucek  

**Community Managers:** [Danielle Lucek] and [Aneurysm9]  

**Playing:** My implemented solutions to the problems!  

[Advent of Code 2015]: https://adventofcode.com/2015  
[About Advent of Code]: https://adventofcode.com/2015/about  
[Eric Wastl]: https://twitter.com/ericwastl  
[Tim Giannetti]: https://twitter.com/Sr_Giannetti  
[Danielle Lucek]: https://www.reddit.com/user/daggerdragon  
[Aneurysm9]: https://twitter.com/Aneurysm9

Commit message:

Added setup, usage, and examples for the implementations

README.md, after:

# [Advent of Code 2015]  

The folders for each day contain Python implementations for solving the two 
parts of each problem with the provided input files. Every implementation 
has been tested using both Python 2.7 and Python 3.6.  

## Setup  

```sh
git clone --branch master https://github.com/jdswalker/Advent-of-Code-2015.git
cd Advent-of-Code-2015
```

## Usage  

```sh
python -m advent_of_code [-h] [-v] -p DAY [-i FILE_NAME]
python -m advent_of_code [--help] [--version] --puzzle DAY [--input FILE_NAME]
```

**Examples:**  

```sh
# Run test cases for Advent of Code day 2
python -m advent_of_code -p 2
No puzzle input was provided
Running test cases for Advent of Code 2015 Day 2: I Was Told There Would Be No Math
Test passed for input 2x3x4
Test passed for input 1x1x10

# Run Advent of Code day 2 with puzzle input
python -m advent_of_code -p 2 -i puzzle_inputs/day-02.txt
Advent of Code 2015 Day 2: I Was Told There Would Be No Math
The elves should order 1586300 feet of wrapping paper
and 3737498 feet of ribbon.
```

## Programming Puzzles  

- [X] **Day 1:** [Not Quite Lisp](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/1)  
- [X] **Day 2:** [I Was Told There Would Be No Math](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/2)  
- [X] **Day 3:** [Perfectly Spherical Houses in a Vacuum](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/3)  
- [X] **Day 4:** [The Ideal Stocking Stuffer](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/4)  
- [X] **Day 5:** [Doesn't He Have Intern-Elves For This?](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/5)  
- [X] **Day 6:** [Probably a Fire Hazard](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/6)  
- [X] **Day 7:** [Some Assembly Required](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/7)  
- [X] **Day 8:** [Matchsticks](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/8)  
- [X] **Day 9:** [All in a Single Night](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/9)  
- [X] **Day 10:** [Elves Look, Elves Say](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/10)  
- [X] **Day 11:** [Corporate Policy](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/11)  
- [X] **Day 12:** [JSAbacusFramework.io](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/12)  
- [X] **Day 13:** [Knights of the Dinner Table](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/13)  
- [X] **Day 14:** [Reindeer Olympics](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/14)  
- [X] **Day 15:** [Science for Hungry People](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/15)  
- [X] **Day 16:** [Aunt Sue](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/16)  
- [X] **Day 17:** [No Such Thing as Too Much](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/17)  
- [X] **Day 18:** [Like a GIF For Your Yar](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/18)  
- [X] **Day 19:** [Medicine for Rudolph](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/19)  
- [X] **Day 20:** [Infinite Elves and Infinite Houses](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/20)  
- [X] **Day 21:** [RPG Simulator 20XX](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/21)  
- [X] **Day 22:** [Wizard Simulator 20XX](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/22)  
- [X] **Day 23:** [Opening the Turing Lock](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/23)  
- [X] **Day 24:** [It Hangs in the Balance](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/24)  
- [X] **Day 25:** [Let It Snow](https://adventofcode.com/2015/day/25)  

## [About Advent of Code]  

Advent of Code is a series of small programming puzzles for a variety of skill 
levels. They are self-contained and are just as appropriate for an expert who 
wants to stay sharp as they are for a beginner who is just learning to code. 
Each puzzle calls upon different skills and has two parts that build on a theme.  

## Advent of Code Credits  

**Design \& Code:** [Eric Wastl]  

**Beta Testing:** [Tim Giannetti] and Ben Lucek  

**Community Managers:** [Danielle Lucek] and [Aneurysm9]  

[Advent of Code 2015]: https://adventofcode.com/2015  
[About Advent of Code]: https://adventofcode.com/2015/about  
[Eric Wastl]: https://twitter.com/ericwastl  
[Tim Giannetti]: https://twitter.com/Sr_Giannetti  
[Danielle Lucek]: https://www.reddit.com/user/daggerdragon  
[Aneurysm9]: https://twitter.com/Aneurysm9
